# SubscriptionGroups.SignupWithSubscriptionGroup

_Controller: SubscriptionGroups — from the Maxio SDK API reference._

<details>
<summary><code>Task&lt;SubscriptionGroupSignupResponse&gt; SignupWithSubscriptionGroup(SubscriptionGroupSignupRequest? body, CancellationToken ct = default);</code></summary>

<dl>
<dd>

### Description

<dl>
<dd>

Creates multiple subscriptions at once under the same customer and consolidates them into a subscription group.

You must provide one and only one of the `payer_id`/`payer_reference`/`payer_attributes` for the customer attached to the group.

You must provide one and only one of the `payment_profile_id`/`credit_card_attributes`/`bank_account_attributes` for the payment profile attached to the group.

Only one of the `subscriptions` can have `"primary": true` attribute set.

When passing a product to a subscription you can use either `product_id` or `product_handle` or `offer_id`. You can also use `custom_price` instead.
The subscription request examples below will be split into two sections.
The first section, "Subscription Customization", will focus on passing different information with a subscription, such as components, calendar billing, and custom fields. These examples will presume you are using a secure chargify_token generated by Maxio.js (formerly Chargify.js).

</dd>
</dl>

### Usage

<dl>
<dd>

```csharp
try
{
    var response = await client.SubscriptionGroups.SignupWithSubscriptionGroup(body);
    // TODO: Handle 'response' of type SubscriptionGroupSignupResponse
}
catch (SdkException<SignupWithSubscriptionGroupError> ex)
{
    if (ex.Error.TryGetError(out var error))
    {
        // TODO: Handle 'error' of type SignupWithSubscriptionGroupError
    }
}
```

</dd>
</dl>

### Parameters

<dl>
<dd>

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <code>body</code> | <code>[SubscriptionGroupSignupRequest?](Models/SubscriptionGroupSignupRequest.cs)</code> | - |

</dd>
</dl>

### Response

<dl>
<dd>

**OnSuccess**: <code>[SubscriptionGroupSignupResponse](Models/SubscriptionGroupSignupResponse.cs)</code>

**OnError**: <code>[SdkException](Core/Exceptions/SdkException.cs)&lt;[SignupWithSubscriptionGroupError](Errors/SignupWithSubscriptionGroupError.cs)&gt;</code>

</dd>
</dl>

</dd>
</dl>

</details>
